"In Ancient Greece,
sexual encounters occurred freely
This shows that there were
already swinger parties
in the time before Christ."
Hey, where are you going?
To Siena's party.
What?
Didn't you cancel?
I did. You and Leo
are no longer invited.
And I am going.
You're kidding me.
You said I wanted to fuck everybody,
so I'm going to prove you right.
Are you serious? Is Sergio going?
Well, I guess so.
He and Siena are together.
Wow, Mom! You look gorgeous.
Thank you, honey.
Where are you going?
A party with my friends.
Without dad?
Yes. Without dad.
Wow! So modern!
Cool.
My cab is here. I have to go now.
Bye, Mom. Enjoy.
- I love you.
- I love you too.
Alright, Dad.
I'm going to bed.
- Sweet dreams.
Carmen?
- Here, madam.
- Carmen? Where are you?
Carmen, please. Be honest.
How do I look?
Gorgeous.
Just don't wear panties,
your ass looks great.
Really? I prefer
to have them taken off later.
Carmen, if Leo calls,
tell him
I'm not coming back tonight.
I'll be fucking all night.
Gladly.
Get me a tequila,
and one for you too.
Your ass is great too.
I don't drink.
Leo, have you heard?
We were uninvited to the party.
Yes, I know.
But we're going anyway.
I have the address.
Everything is sorted out.
Pick me up. Hurry.
Okay. I'm on my way.
- Ready?
- Ready.
- You look gorgeous.
- You too.
- I'm glad you've changed your mind.
- Siena talked me into it.
After all, this is going to be
the last Game of Keys that we play.
Yes. Our last game.
Then, we'll have a baby.
- Let's go.
THE GAME OF KEYS
- Adriana Romero.
- Bárbara Navarro.
Gaby and Valentín Lombardo.
See that?
Look at that guy, please.
Hello! Are you ready?
- Hi!
- Siena, your old friends are here!
Really?
I'm so glad you've made it.
- Happy birthday.
- Thanks.
- You're beautiful.
- You too.
- Hi.
I wouldn't have missed this
for the world.
Big party, eh?
How does this work?
First of all,
you need to get your cloaks.
- Cloaks?
- Right.
- Follow me.
- Cloaks!
- Let's go.
- You need to see that guy.
Valentín?
- Happy birthday.
- Thanks, Valentín.
Thank you for everything
you've done for me.
- I didn't see Daniel around.
- Don't worry, he'll be here.
- Are you sure?
- I am.
Everything is sorted out.
You and he will get the same key.
Just relax.
Roberto?
Thank you, handsome.
Here.
Are you sure?
I'm sure.
Trust me.
It's going to be fine.
Here are options
less threatening than Sergio.
I don't know why you say that.
I'm not interested in Sergio.
Your cloaks.
You scared me!
The scarier the better.
- Bárbara, please!
- Sorry. I'm just nervous.
- Thanks.
- And your cell phones, please.
- Shall we hand them over?
- Yes.
We'll explain everything.
Just relax. Everything's fine.
- Enjoy.
- Come on.
- Look at this!
- I want to take a look.
- This is yours.
- A cloak.
Your cell.
- Thanks.
- Come on.
Names, please.
Óscar Leal and Leo Cuevas.
We forgot our invitations,
but our names must be on the list.
Here you are.
- Told you.
- You're on the black list.
What do you mean?
We were invited.
Comrades.
Disobey your orders and let us in.
Don't be the slaves
of the bourgeois who have you here,
working for peanuts
while they're having fun.
Leo, enough.
- This is a fight, we can't give up.
- Fine, it's a fight.
But I don't want to end up
in the police station again.
Get in.
Okay, fine. Let's go.
Fat ass.
Thank you all for coming
to my birthday party
at this lovely mansion
provided by our generous sponsor.
Before we start,
I would like to remind you
the ground rules of this game.
Consent, condoms...
and so on.
But this time,
some rules will change.
In open spaces, silence is mandatory.
And we'll all have to keep
our masks on.
Understood?
You'll find rooms with two, three...
or more people.
It all depends
on the key you've chosen.
The rest...
is up to your imagination
and sex drive.
Let the Game of Keys begin!
Good luck.
"I want to fuck."
- See you later.
- Fine.
- Help me here.
- There you go.
- Jump!
- Wait.
Hurry, you're too heavy.
I'll catch you if you fall.
Watch your step!
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't expect to find anyone here.
I mean, I was expecting someone else.
This is a misunderstanding.
Actually, I was expecting someone...
Oh, you smell so good...
Well, I...
I was waiting for...
A couple of minutes, and then...
I'll leave.
Pato?
I'm sorry, Adriana.
I didn't get the steroids today,
I thought I'd last longer.
Just give me a second chance.
No. Don't worry. It's okay.
Actually, it's not you.
I need to do something else, so...
- I'll be right back.
- Just give me a second chance.
No. It's okay. Cheer up.
- Please?
- Okay?
Adriana, don't go.
María?
Gaby, what a surprise!
What are you doing here?
Siena invited us.
Where is Daniel?
- What?
- Where is Daniel?
I don't know.
Why does this always happen to me?
- What happened?
- What use is this body to me...
- if I can't satisfy a woman?
- Yeah, right.
Maybe she isn't the right woman.
Hey, have you seen Adriana?
I've been looking for her.
Yes. I was all over her.
But she left.
Forget it.
- Sergio?
- What?
Sergio!
- Do you fancy a threesome?
I could last longer.
- I don't think so.
- Sergio...
Listen. Just imagine,
your experience...
my muscles...
You and me in the same bed...
I don't know. Just consider it.
No, Pato. It's okay.
Sergio...
See you, Pato.
Valentín!
What are you doing here?
I thought you weren't invited.
Please do not turn me in.
I'm looking for Adriana.
Have you seen her?
She went that way.
- Did she?
- Yes.
- That way.
- Don't say anything.
Fuck.
Sergio?
Hey!
I thought you were in another room.
I wanted to wish you
a happy birthday.
Join us.
What are you waiting for?
You're right.
Maybe next time.
I'm looking for someone.
I had a boob job
after my second baby,
but they do feel real, don't they?
- Bárbara?
- It tickles.
Hey, Gaby.
I can't find Valentín.
Then join us.
There's enough room.
- Come here.
- Come on!
Why is it so important
what Valentín is doing? Gaby!
Come in.
Here we are.
The plan turned out perfect.
Everything is fine.
Alone, at last.
Yes.
There's no reason to be nervous.
It's my first time.
I'll guide you.
Bárbara?
Valentín?
- Leo, what are you doing here?
- Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt.
We are all open-minded.
I was just looking for Bárbara.
Leo!
Relax. We are okay.
Trust me.
Look at me. It's okay.
Relax, okay?
It's okay.
Óscar?
- Gaby.
- I thought you weren't coming.
How's it going, Gaby?
Your mask is so sexy.
Well...
How did you know it was me?
You're a fool.
- I'm looking for Adriana.
- Haven't you seen Valentín?
Yes. I saw Valentín.
- I've just seen him.
- Where?
He went that way.
You know I'd love to keep doing this.
- Right?
- I know. But...
- You need to find Adriana.
- Yes.
And you need Valentín.
Come here.
- Good luck.
- You too.
I thought revenge
would make me feel better.
And I mean no offense.
You are...
so hot.
It's just...
I can't get fucking Leo off my mind.
I've worked so hard
to get where I am now.
But he ruined everything.
You're very upset.
But it's not your fault.
He feels threatened by your success.
Right?
He always made me feel like his job
was more important than mine.
Men of your generation are beasts.
They claim for self-sufficient women.
And when they find her,
they freak out.
You'd be better on your own.
Rather than with a man
who controls you constantly.
That sucks.
You can start from scratch.
You are right.
Yes. That's what I'm going to do.
I'll start...
from scratch.
- And how do I do that?
- You can start with us, babe.
Shall we start counting?
Zero...
One...
Two...
Three...
Gaby!
- Leo, you're here too?
- I am.
Where's Bárbara?
I'm not going tell you.
Not after what you've done to her.
Please, I'm here to make amends.
- Gaby, please.
- She's in room seven.
- And what are you doing here?
- I'm looking for Valentín.
What is the point of the game
if you have sex with your husband?
- Just enjoy.
- Have you seen him?
- No.
- Leo?
- No, I haven't seen him.
- Leo, tell me truth.
I don't know!
I'm a warrior!
- I'm a warrior!
- Good!
Bárbara?
Leo! What are you doing here?
Can we talk, please?
- It's him?
- Yes.
She doesn't want to talk to you.
Honor her for once.
Listen, man.
I fucked this up.
I came to say I'm sorry,
and make amends.
- How?
- Yes. Explain yourself.
This is coming out in Monday's paper.
This could help,
Aurelia might withdraw the lawsuit.
But...
How's that supposed
to save our relationship?
I'm an idiot, Bárbara.
For putting you on the line.
I know what you do
for me and the kids.
I'm an asshole.
For not appreciating you.
At least he's admitting it.
You're the best thing
that ever happened to me.
Please, marry me, Bárbara.
No. No.
I don't care about marrying you.
I just wanted you
to choose me over your beliefs.
To stop being so selfish, Leo.
But you couldn't.
I swear I'll change.
But, please, marry me.
I know you love weddings, Bárbara.
I do love them.
Maybe.
It could be.
Let's celebrate.
Wait.
I thought you said
you'd stop being selfish.
- Don't be selfish.
- I know, babe. But...
This is hard-core.
Leave me alone, please.
I thought I'd never find you.
I had an awful night.
I looked for you all night.
They all look dead.
I think they had a great time.
Look. He's a profesor from college.
- I had such a great time with you.
- It's just that we have chemistry.
Oh, look.
It's your friend Óscar. Isn't he?
Óscar?
Óscar!
Hey.
- Is the party over yet?
- What are you doing here?
I'm sorry I've crashed.
I spent all night looking for
Adriana. Where is she?
I'm sure she's with Sergio.
Follow me.
- They must be upstairs.
- Where?
Maybe you guys should stop looking
for them.
Cold, cold, cold.
Hot!
- Cold!
- Gala!
Hot!
You fucking disgust me.
Be careful what you wish for.
Let's get out of here, Adriana.
This game is out of control.
I don't care what you did with him.
I know you love me.
Don't throw all these years away.
Adriana?
I can't fucking believe it.